Work on the first 5 H's (Glossary) (#194)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: reference/glossary.rst

        Related topic(s): Backups and version control, and Security.

    HA
        High Availability (HA) is the process of ensuring that a system is always up. To achieve this, a redundant system is setup that either

>         takes over when the main system is down or run alongside the main system to load balancing the workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        takes over when the main system is down or runs alongside the main system to load balance the workload.
```

        Related topic(s): High availability, and OpenLDAP.

    HBAs

>         Host Bus Adapters (HBAs) are interface cards that connects a server to a storage device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Host Bus Adapters (HBAs) are interface cards that connect a server to a storage device.
```

        Related topic(S): Device mapper multipathing and Server installation

    HMAC
        A Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) is a type of Message Authentication Code (MAC).

>         A MAC verifies that a message hasn't been modified during transmission by combining a shared secret key between the sender and reciever, and a hash function.

Reviewer: It might be better to move the MAC definition to the MAC entry, and then just link to the MAC term from here (otherwise it will get defined twice)

Author: Oh, MAC doesn't have an entry.

Author: Following up on this

Reviewer: If you don't mind, it would be better to do it in this PR since you've gone to the trouble of defining MAC anyway :)

Author: Alright, I'll update it.

        While a general MAC may use various techniques during combination, HMAC follows a structured way. When a message and its 
        HMAC are sent, the receiver verifies the integrity by computing the HMAC again - if the message is altered, the value will differ.

        Related topic(S): High availability, Kerberos, Cryptography, and Security.

    HMC

>         Hardware Management Console (HMC) is used to manage IBM servers. It can handle a task like configuring network settings, loading Ubuntu installation files and installing the OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Hardware Management Console (HMC) is used to manage IBM servers. It can handle tasks like configuring network settings, loading Ubuntu installation files and installing the OS.
```

.. glossary::

    HA
        High Availability (HA) is the process of ensuring that a system is always up. To achieve this, a redundant system is setup that either
        takes over when the main system is down or runs alongside the main system to load balance the workload.

        Related topic(s): High availability, and OpenLDAP.

    HBAs
        Host Bus Adapters (HBAs) are interface cards that connect a server to a storage device.

        Related topic(S): Device mapper multipathing and Server installation

    HMAC
        A Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) is a type of :term:`Message Authentication Code (MAC) <MAC>`.
        While a general MAC may use various techniques during combination, HMAC follows a structured way. When a message and its 

>         HMAC are sent, the receiver verifies the integrity by computing the HMAC again - if the message is altered, the value will differ.

Author: new definition

Reviewer: LGTM :)

    MAAS
        *Work in Progress*
    
    MAC

>         A MAC verifies that a message hasn't been modified during transmission by combining a shared secret key between the sender and reciever, and a hash function.

Author: Done @s-makin

>         A MAC verifies that a message hasn't been modified during transmission by combining a shared secret key between the sender and reciever, and a hash function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A Message Authentication Code (MAC) verifies that a message hasn't been modified during transmission by combining a shared secret key between the sender and receiver, and a hash function.
```
